DOCS-6683-applied template (#170)
mulesoft/docs-api-manager: modules/ROOT/pages/policy-mule4-tokenization.adoc

> 

Reviewer: Hi Priya,
I made a bunch of comments about this template in the previous edit (PR#160), so I won't repeat them here.
What follows is primarily a copyedit; please let me know if you want something more substantial.  :-)

[%autowidth.spread,cols="a,a"]
|===

> >s| Policy Name | Tokenization

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>s| Policy name | Tokenization
```
Table row headings take sentence-style capitalization.
Only table columns take title-style caps.
See Style Reference for "tables":
"Avoid introducing tables with an introductory fragment or numbered title. Use title capitalization for column headings and capitalize the first word in each row and each cell entry unless the word is code (function name, program name, and so on)."

Author: Done! Thanks!

> >s| Summary      | Transforms sensitive data into non-sensitive equivalent, named token. The data is displayed identical to the original value in format, but its actual value is not revealed at first sight. This policy is designed to work only for Anypoint Runtime Fabric deployments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>s| Summary      | Transforms sensitive data into a nonsensitive equivalent, named token. The data is displayed in the same format as the original value, but its actual value is not revealed at first sight. This policy is designed to work only for Anypoint Runtime Fabric deployments.
```

Author: Done! Thanks!

>s| Category | Security

> >s| Since Mule Version | 4.1.1

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>s| Introduced in Mule version | 4.1.1
```

Author: I used "Available from Mule version" instead. Thanks!

> .4+>.^s| Returned Status Codes |

Reviewer: Putting a table inside of a table cell is a bad idea.
I suggest reformatting this as a list instead.
GLOBALLY avoid putting anything more complicated than plain text or lists in table cells.

Reviewer: Line 16:
To whom does "their tokenization" refer? Did you mean "the tokenization"?

Reviewer: Line 18:
Avoid placing notice formats within table cells. See previous comments about table cell content.

Reviewer: Line 19:
GLOBALLY replace "may," per the Style Reference.

Author: Done! Thanks!

|===

Tokenization is the process of tokenizing a value or piece of information, which might be considered sensitive data, into the token that can be mapped back to the original value. 

> This tokenized information replaces the original value with the token, thus minimizing the risk of matching it to the absolute value, in case a third party accesses the data. For example, this policy may be used to tokenize credit card numbers and map them to completely different ones from the originals.

Reviewer 2: is absolute correct in this context? should be original.

Reviewer 2: I would add a paragraph on why would you use this policy in the policy explanation before the examples, for instance:

If your API contains sensitive data, the tokenization policy is a highly effective way to protect it. Examples of sensitive information that are suitable for tokenization protection include credit card numbers, Personally Identifiable Information (PII), Protected Health Information (PHI), or any information deemed sensitive

Author: Done! Thanks!

> This policy is designed to work only for Anypoint Runtime Fabric deployments.

Reviewer 2: This should be very visible, wouldn't it be best to keep it as a note very visible at the top or as part of the initial table?

Reviewer 3: I agree with Eva, maybe using an IMPORTANT tag can do the trick.

Author: Added it to the table at the top of the page. Done! Thanks!

== Prerequisites

To apply and manage the Tokenization policy, you must have:

* The *Manage Policies* permission.
* The *Manage Tokenization Services* permission to xref:anypoint-security::tokenization-example.adoc[configure] and see the tokenization service. 

> * A tokenization service up and running.

Reviewer 2: @LorenaSoledad shouldn't runtime fabric be a pre-requisite here as well? At which point of the configuration workflow is an issue if you don't use Runtime Fabric?

Reviewer 3: Mmm... Indeed, I think that RTF is a prerequisite for deploying a Tokenization Service, so maybe it's kind of transitive. But, it doesn't do harm to include it also here.

Author: Done! Thanks!

|===

> Tokenization is the process of tokenizing a value or piece of information, which might be considered sensitive data, into the token that can be mapped back to the original value. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tokenization is the process of masking a value or piece of information that might be considered sensitive data into a token that can be mapped back to its original value. 
```
Do we need to add something about who or under what circumstances the token can be mapped to its orig. value? For example, "...into a token that can be mapped back to its original value by a user or program with appropriate credentials."?

Author: Ok! Thanks!

> This tokenized information replaces the original value with the token, thus minimizing the risk of matching it to the original value, in case a third party accesses the data. For example, this policy may be used to tokenize credit card numbers and map them to completely different ones from the originals.

Reviewer: Given the sentence above this one, you can reduce this para to the following, to avoid unnecessary repetition:
```suggestion
For example, you can use this policy to hide credit card numbers, personally identifiable information (PII), protected health information (PHI), and similar sensitive data.
```

Author: Done! Thanks!

> If your API contains sensitive data, the tokenization policy is a highly effective way to protect it. Examples of sensitive information that are suitable for tokenization protection include credit card numbers, personally identifiable information (PII), protected health information (PHI), or any  other information that is deemed sensitive.

Reviewer: This again repeats the obvious. 
After you define "tokenization" as "masking" or some other commonly understood term, you don't really need to repeat it or explain the use further: it is obvious and it is a concept that even the most naive audience understands. 
I suggest reducing all of this to the first sentence and a second sentence that lists the examples, as in the previous suggested rewording.
```suggestion
```

Author: Done! Thanks!

== Prerequisites

To apply and manage the Tokenization policy, you must have:

> * Ontained the *Manage Policies* permission.

Reviewer 4: Could not find `Ontained` as a word in google, is this a typo?

Author: Fixed! Thanks!

> * Ontained the *Manage Policies* permission.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Obtained the *Manage Policies* permission
```

Author: Fixed! Thanks!

> * To xref:anypoint-security::tokenization-example.adoc[configure]configure and run the tokenization service, you must have:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* To xref:anypoint-security::tokenization-example.adoc[configure] and run the tokenization service, you must have:
```

Author: Done! Thanks!

** Installed Runtime Fabric

> ** Obtained the *Manage Tokenization Services* permission  and see the tokenization service. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
** Obtained the *Manage Tokenization Services* permission and see the tokenization service. 
```
Please fix the grammar between the intro text ("You must have...") and "see the tokenization service": what does this mean, "you must have see?"

Author: Done! Thanks!

> * A tokenization service up and running.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* An operating tokenization service
```

Author: Done! Thanks!

== Scope and Considerations

> Before you apply this policy, make sure that you review the following considerations:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before you apply this policy, review the following considerations:
```

Author: Done! Thanks!

> * One single instance of the policy supports only one tokenization service. All the formats that you configured need to be contained in the same tokenization service.

Reviewer: "one single" is redundant.
```suggestion
* One instance of the policy supports only one tokenization service. 
All the formats that you configure must be contained in the same tokenization service.
```

Author: Done! Thanks!

> * One single instance of the policy can be used to tokenize a value either in the request or the response, but not both.

Reviewer: Active voice
```suggestion
* You can use one instance of the policy to tokenize a value either in the request or in the response, but not in both.
```

Author: Done! Thanks!

> * The policy is not aware of the state of the tokenization service until runtime. If you deleted your tokenization service inadvertently, or if the service is out of service, the policy will not be able to establish a communication with the service. This causes all the requests to fail until the service is available again.

Reviewer: Is there another way of saying that the policy "is not aware of"?
```suggestion
* The policy is not aware of the state of the tokenization service until runtime. 
If you deleted your tokenization service or if it is not operational, the policy cannot establish communication with it. This causes all the requests to fail until the service is available again.
```

Author: Done! Thanks!

> * During policy configuration, your *services* drop-down menu only displays the tokenization services that are ready to use. If you do not see the service you want, check if it is already deployed.

Reviewer: Is the menu label actually lowercase "services"?
Is the audience familiar with where (which UI? Where in the UI?) this menu appears?
```suggestion
* During policy configuration, the services menu displays only the tokenization services that are ready to use. 
If you do not see the service you want, check if it is already deployed.
```

Author: Done! Thanks!

> == How this Policy Works

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== How This Policy Works
```

Author: Done! Thanks!

> The policy replaces some pieces of the payload with the tokenized values. To define which pieces of payload will be tokenized, you need to provide a selector expression.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Tokenization policy replaces sensitive parts of a message payload with tokenized values. To define which information is tokenized, you provide a selector expression.
```

Reviewer: Line 68 suggestion:

"If you want to tokenize the Social Security number, you can use the following selector expression:"

Reviewer: Lines 76-7 suggestions:

"After you implement this expression, every time the policy receives a request containing a `socialSecurityNumber` key at its top level, it extracts all the tokens that match the expression you indicated, establishes a connection with the tokenization service, and replaces the tokenized values in your payload with the ones provided by the service. +"

***I have a question about this text. Doesn't this extract the SSNs themselves and replace them with tokens, rather than extracting tokens and replacing them with new tokens?***

"If the tokenized value for the Social Security number in this example were _167-47-9268_, your application would receive the following payload:"

Author: Added a note to Eva! Thanks!

}
--

> You can configure the tokenization policy to tokenize values in your payload request or response.

Reviewer: Didn't we mention this earlier? That the audience could use a policy for one but not both values?
```suggestion
You can configure the Tokenization policy to tokenize values in your payload request or response.
```

Author: Done! Thanks!

=== Tokenize Requests

> The following flow of events occur when you tokenize requests:

Reviewer: Verb agreement:
```suggestion
The following flow of events occurs when you tokenize requests:
```
the flow occurs
OR
```suggestion
The following events occur when you tokenize requests:
```
the events occur

Author: Thanks!

image::policy-mule4-tokenization-67b25.png[]

> 

Reviewer: Edits to hidden steps:

. A user performs a request to the application protected by the policy.
. The request goes first to Anypoint Security and then to the application Tokenization policy.
. The Tokenization policy extracts all tokens that match the selector expression.
. The tokenization service receives the tokens, transforms them, and returns the result to the policy.

Author: Done! Thanks!

> . The policy replaces the payload with the tokenized values, and the request reaches the Mule application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. The policy replaces the payload with the tokenized values and forwards it to the Mule application.
```

Author: Done! Thanks!

. The Mule application processes the request and returns the result.

=== Tokenize Responses

> The following flow of events occur when you tokenize responses:

Reviewer: ditto edits to Line 91

Author: Done!

image::policy-mule4-tokenization-9347d.png[]

> 

Reviewer: Please apply edits to Lines 95 through 100 to Lines 110 through 116.

Author: Done! Thanks!

. The tokenization service receives all the tokens, applies the transformation, and then returns the result to the policy.
. The policy sends the response back to the user, with the tokenized values in the payload.

== Configure the Policy

[%header%autowidth.spread,cols="a,a,a"]
|===
| Element | Description | Required
| Direction

> | Whether the values to tokenize should be extracted from the request or the response. The default behavior is to tokenize from the response.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Whether the values to tokenize are extracted from the request or the response (default).
```

Author: Done! Thanks!

> | Yes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Yes
```

Author: Done! Thanks!

| Fail on unmatched expressions

> | If selected, requests will fail when the rules cannot match any token.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| If selected, requests fail when the expression and tokens do not match.
```

Author: Done! Thanks!

> | No.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| No
```

Author: Done! Thanks!

| Services

> | The tokenization services available for the current Organization and Environment. Select the service that you need from the list, remembering that the formats available depend on the service that you choose.

Reviewer: Suggest omitting the user action, because this is a table of elements and their descriptions, not how to use them.
Also, the point about the menu/list showing only available, not-already-in-use services is a bit unclear. I got the impression that the list was populated by what the audience uses, but then also see that if something is already in use, it no longer appears in the list?

```suggestion
| The tokenization services available for the current organization and environment. 
```

Author: Done! Thanks!

> | Yes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Yes
```

Author: Done! Thanks!

| Expression

> | A selector expression to be used to extract the information that will be tokenized.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| A selector expression that extracts the information to be tokenized.
```

Author: Done! Thanks!

> For example:

Reviewer: Why is there an example in this definition table? This info looks like it belongs in the conceptual text about the expressions, not here.

Author: They example tell the users what to provide in the field. This is pertinent in the table and not with the concept. The table will be used when they are entering this information in the UI.

| No. +
Keep in mind that if you don't specify a selector expression, the policy will be applied, but won't tokenize anything from your payload.

| Format
| Type of information that will be tokenized. Formats may vary depending on the selected service. Choose one format from the list.

If you do not see any formats in the list, check that the tokenization service that you selected contains at least one

> pppp. 

Reviewer 2: typo with 'pppp'?

Author: No it was for me as a pointer to come back and check. I was testing a link issue. :-)

> | No. +

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| No +
```

Author: Done! Thanks!

> Keep in mind that if you don't specify a selector expression, the policy will be applied, but won't tokenize anything from your payload.

Reviewer: I think that this belongs in the text about selector expressions, before this table.
```suggestion
If you don't specify a selector expression, the policy is applied but does not tokenize the payload.
```

Author: Done! Thanks!

| Format

> | Type of information that will be tokenized. Formats may vary depending on the selected service. Choose one format from the list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Type of information to be tokenized. Formats vary depending on the selected service.
```
ditto re. removing user actions from definition table.

Author: Done! Thanks!

If you do not see any formats in the list, check that the tokenization service that you selected contains at least one

> pppp. 

Reviewer: Will your audience know what "pppp" is?

Reviewer: Seems like the format ought to be described further in the conceptual text.

Author: Done! Thanks!

> | No. +

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| No +
```

Author: Done! Thanks!

> Keep in mind that if you don't specify a format, the policy will be applied, but won't tokenize anything from your payload.

Reviewer: ditto
```suggestion
If you don't specify a format, the policy is applied but does not tokenize anything from the payload.
```

Author: Done! Thanks!
